guycarmeli, nadavraz
Guy Carmeli (322988460), Nadav Raz (211873674)
EX: 2

FILES:
MapReduceFramework.cpp -- the implementation of the map reduce algorithm
Barrier.cpp -- implementation of the barrier
README -- this file

REMARKS:
Surprisingly, this exercise did not include any theoretical questions. thus, and since we had a wonderful
time working on this remarkable project, we chose to share some of our most significant insights with
the course staff. first, we want to praise the course staff's generosity, that came inch-perfectly on time
with the delightful extension they granted us. Now, we want to share the dreadful experience we had on
Saturday, when we assembled the team, which included commander guy and commander nadav, in our astonishing man-cave.
it was just after the moment we instinctively ripped the electricity supply unit out of its place, when we
heard something unusual going on in the TV. after a quick move to the adjacent room, we saw the horrifying
scene of paramedics bending over christian eriksen and trying to save his life in the euro 2020 match between
finland and denemark which is in denemark. luckily, eriksen survived, but on the less fortunate side, commander
guy lost 400 NIS since eriksen is denemark's top-notch player, and he had put his money on him. right after
these shocking and life-changing moments, which put your life in proportions,commander guy chose to leave the
house and meet commander uri in the neighborhood snooker bar at 1am. it was the exact moment that we realized we
only had 3 lines of code written in our project, but more importantly, commander uri revealed that commander samal
got him completely off track, and that he offered himself as the next bob, while commander guy is the designated
commander samal. after some brilliant and breath-taking snooker frames, the coding team was assembled again to
hit this exercise "shok al yareh", but this time for real, and without any distractions, except for the
temptation of gambling that sticked commander guy to winner application. Now, without any further ado, lets dive
into the guts of our splendid, high quality and tip top code, just as expected from two experienced map-reduce
frameworkers, who have 10 years of continuous cpp programming in their tools arsenal, and heroically defeated
the notorious oop course and the tyrant OS ex2. as a lesson from the tyrant, we decided to use state of the art
and novel debugging methods - std::cout. we then noticed that it was almost a crime not to use these outstanding
and delightful methods, since we passed most of the test at first strike. as always, not everything goes
inch-perfect, even for brilliant and admired commanders like us, and we once again faced our bitterest
nemesis - statistical bugs. at that point, we had to ask ourself where was the cue ball going, and we blocked
the pot with some thick cucumbers printing. after held back the enemy, we thought what would ronnie osullivan
do. after going cow cow and toe to toe, we had a magnificent breakthrough, as a grey cell in commander guy's
popped up, and scored a min-90 bicycle kick.